Ad spend (#107)
Amplitude-Developer-Docs/amplitude-dev-center: docs/data/sources/facebook-ads.md

---
title: Facebook Ads (Beta)
description: Amplitude Data's Facebook Ads integration lets you import your Facebook Ad spend, click and impression data with just a few clicks.
---

Amplitude Data's Facebook Ads integration lets you import your Facebook Ad spend, click and impression data with just a few clicks.

--8<-- "includes/closed-beta.md"

## Setup

### Prerequisites

> To set up, you need the following: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up this integration, you need the following: 
```

> - `Facebook Ads Account ID` of the ad account you would like imported (https://www.facebook.com/business/help/1492627900875762)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Facebook Ads Account ID](https://www.facebook.com/business/help/1492627900875762) for the ad account you want to connect.
```

### Amplitude setup 

1. In Amplitude, navigate to **Data Sources**, then find **Facebook Ad** in the **I want to import data into Amplitude** tab.

![Facebook Add Source](../../assets/images/marketing-analytics/add-sources.png)

!!! note 
    This integration must be enabled on a per-project basis.

> 2. Log into Facebook and grant Amplitude permission in the consent form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Log in to Facebook and grant Amplitude permission in the consent form.
```

![Facebook Login Image](../../assets/images/marketing-analytics/facebook-login.png)

> 3. Enter the `Facebook Ads Account ID` for all the ad accounts you would like to sync the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Enter the Facebook Ads Account ID for the ad account you want to import data from.
```

![Facebook Enter Account ID](../../assets/images/marketing-analytics/facebook-enter-info.png)

> 4. [Optional] You also have the option to do a one time iimport on the historical data in the time period of your choice.

Reviewer 2: "import"

> 4. [Optional] You also have the option to do a one time iimport on the historical data in the time period of your choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. [Optional] Import past data for a given period.
```
